ABM is a revenue strategy that aligns
marketing, sales, and customer success
teams around shared target accounts.
It's not just another marketing channel.
It's a holistic approach. I'm Isaac Wear
and I'll be your instructor for this
course.
ABM programs can be built around a
multitude of objectives including
expansion, churn reduction, adoption,
cross-ell, or what we are going to be
talking about, new business pipeline
generation. You're going to walk away
from this course knowing how to think
about ABM, how to get buyin from
leadership and sales, and build the MVP
of your first signal-based ABM program
that allows you to get quick wins that
generate pipeline.
Being able to approach marketing
challenges with an ABM mindset can
transform your career as a marketer,
moving you from someone who executes on
individual channels to someone who can
zoom out to view marketing's role in the
revenue team more strategically. We're
going to focus on three specific signals
for this course that I and many other
marketers found the most success with.
It's important to make full use of these
signals you're using for account
selection. This means pairing content
that matches each signal.
In this lesson, we're going to break
down the scaling the program you just
built into a few spreadsheets and
documents to get you started on the path
to a 1:1 program that reaches 500 plus
accounts every quarter.
Our goal with this course is to get you
set up with an approach to ABM that will
scale and transfer to the dozens of
variants of ABM you will inevitably
launch over your career.